Oh baby that's go that was sweet now is
my first quad feed oh my god I don't
know what my hood is doing right now I
will take that I will take that let's go
do finally finally on crisis finally
happened we got it on crisis
well boys I just hit my first l9
quadfeed playing some ground work crisis
domination hit it got a single no scope
for an all-pro than a note another
single for the quad feed it was pretty
sick I what you go look back at it I
look over at my eldar oh and my oh god
oh said no signal so I'm gonna attempt
its ground war theater doesn't really
ever save ground war so we have a 16
second clip and a three-minute clip that
ends when the scores at ninety seventy I
don't think it's safe I can't believe
that was so nice it was so nice and I
lost it
oh wow I got that I just got that
quadfeed yes dude oh my god I'm glad I
got a quad me I got a quad feed okay
this is like literally the game next
game that I played after not getting the
other one the other one a pretty bummed
that I didn't get that first one but Wow
now I've gotten to in the past 30
minutes hopefully this is the start of a
lot of sweet sweet l9 clips what's up
guys i hope you enjoyed that video it
was fun putting it together the whole
quad few thing wasn't that big of a deal
but I was pretty bummed with the one
clip that I lost because it was really
sick it definitely could have been an
episode clip just the way that the kills
happened so I would appreciate if you
guys would drop a like on this video
comment what you think I love black ops
1 i've been playing a lot lately and
I've been hitting some sweet stuff so I
hope you guys enjoy to have a wonderful
day this is dirty I'm out